Traces
DNR issue
I totally understand you need your item as soon as possible, in this case there's a big possibility you'll get it on	. 
However, if you don't get it by that day don't worry because we will definetly provide a solution.
Remember
If customer is calling on the day traces ends just go ahead and provide refund or replacement (whichever is the case).

FBA
Customer requested a replacement for an FBA item Customer requests a replacement for an FBA item
In this case the option we have available at the moment it's a refund. I understand you really need the item,
I wish I could sent you the replacement but the reason why we don't have this option available it's because we don't 
have the item in our warehouse. We receive the item from the seller and we are in charge for shipping the item but we don't 
have more of the same item storage. But no worries, I can put your money back on your Amazon GC balance so you can have the money 
available in the next 2 hours and re place the order.

Type of lables
Labeless
I can send you a QR code so you don't have to print anything. I'll send you a link and when you click on it a QR will prompt on your
screen and that's all you have to show at a UPS location. Would you like that one?
Drop-off
I'll send you a link with the return label, all you have to do it's to print it, put the label on the box and take it to the 
carrier's location.
Pick-Up
I understand you're having a hard time printing a label. In this case the carrier will go to your house to pick up the item and 
they will take the label with them. You just have to give them the package.


Provide the WHAT & WHY
The reason why I'm taking too long, it's because I want to find the best solution available for your today...
Can I place you on hold no longer tan 2 min, so I can check the options on your order?
I understand you want to be compensated for this situation, let me find something for you. I'll be placing you on hold for 
a few minutes.

In order for me to find	, I need to ask you some questions.
Can you please provide

Authorization No Charge
How to explain
When you do a purchase in our website, we contact your bank to confirm that the payment method is valid. At that time we request an 
authorization for the amount of the purchase, but we do not proceed with the charge until the order ships out.
For canceled orders
Since in this case the order was canceled, we did not load the card and your money should come back soon and I will send you an email
confirming this information.
Remember
For PIN-LESS debit cards, we do not process an authorization because that is the purpose of those cards. The money returns to the card
in 10 business days.

Marketplace
How to explain it
When we say the item is ship and sold by a third party we mean that Amazon gives the opportunity to Sellers to advertise their products
in our website, in that way customer will have more buying options. Therefore; they are the ones in charge of their own policies for 
shipping, returns, refunds and everything related to the item.
I understand that you purchase the item in our website and that's totally right. However, we need to give them the opportunity to 
resolve this situation for you.
I understand you don't want to deal with them, but this is just process. And if by any chance they don't provide you with a valid 
solution Amazon created a process called A to Z claim, in which we take full ownership of the situation. I'm going to include a ink 
at the bottom of the email that ill send you so you can click on it and follow the steps for an A to Z claim. But no worries I want 
you to feel sure that we will take full ownership of the situation if they don't do it. This is just the part of the process.
One last thing customer, I'll recommend you to read sellers reviews before purchasing from one, so you can have a better idea about 
theirs policies and how good or bad they are.

Verbalizing Actions
Just bear with one more moment...
I'm taking a look at the transactions* on your account, just give me one moment...
I'll be remaining in silence but I'll be here working on your *_______* if you have a question please let me know. 
(maximum time in mute 30 sec)
Let me take a look at that, just one moment...

I'm working on the information I'll send you in the e-mail so you can have a backup, just one moment...



Escalations
DART
Raise the escalations flag on your station
Try to de-escalate the call
WARM transfer
Introduce the supervisor to the customer before transferring
E.g.g I understand you want to speak with my supervisor Sam, I'm just traying to do everything that I have in my hands to help you, 
just give me the opportunity to resolve this.

Call Flow

Hi thank you for contacting Amazon, my name is
May I please have your name?
Thanks! For security reasons I'll ask a few questions.
Can you please verify your e-mail address? - Thanks!. Can you verify your billing address also? - Great! Now that I have Access 
to your account, tell me... How can I help?
Oh I understand,	. Let me check what's going on.
Just bear with me on the line I'm doing the investigation so I can provide the best solution...


Saying "NO"
Believe me, I understand that you would like However, the best option available is
In this case the best solution is 	. The reason why we
cannot do it's because 	. But we can definitely fix this
by doing -epeat the solution you already mentioned.
Must
Listen, acknowledge customer's comments and frustration, explain the solution, and provide the reason why that's the best option. 
Repeat as many times as necessary.








